Too strong
He actually picked up Goryeo
The sister surnamed Huang said
His previous force value was just the tip of the iceberg
There is no martial arts aura on the sashimi
It's not that he is weak
It's him, the robber, we don't even notice
You goryeo
No, you fart
I prostitute.
It's Korean time
He is a rare genius in the entire Wu Saber and Sword century
How could I lose to an enemy sword like you?
The sword head of the building
Let you try it today
Eight Banners
Double knife flow
Ah!
The ant before this help
Really rare
We
Just lost
What are you afraid of?
This strength
Even if it is hundreds of thousands of coalition troops, they are all here
Only the slaughter
Who told you to stand up?
Kneel down
My patience is acting
I'm fast
Don't kill me
Why don't I want to be third?